Update Daikin doc with a note on UDP flows as per issue #37844 (#14245)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/daikin.markdown

The Daikin integration can be configured via the Home Assistant user interface where it will let you enter the IP-address of your Daikin AC (SKYFi based devices need to provide a password and BRP072Cxx devices need to provide a key).

> <div class='note'>
>   
> If your Daikin unit does not reside in the same network as your HA, i.e. your network is segmented, note that a couple of UDP connections are made during discovery:
> - From HA to the Daikin controller: UDP:30000 => 30050
> - From the Daikin controller to HA: UDP:\<random port> => 30000
> 
> You will need to adjust your firewall(s) accordingly. 
>   
> </div>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class='note'>
  
If your Daikin unit does not reside in the same network as your Home Assistant instance, i.e. your network is segmented, note that a couple of UDP connections are made during discovery:

- From Home Assistant to the Daikin controller: `UDP:30000` => `30050`
- From the Daikin controller to Home Assistant: `UDP:<random port>` => `30000`

If this situation applies to you, you may need to adjust your firewall(s) accordingly.

</div>
```
